Alexander Stein
CIS 415: Operating Systems
Project 2
NOTE:
	USE TWO GRACE DAYS

Included files
	README
	shell.c
		-Main shell file.
		-Also contains handlers and useful globals which the handlers share with main()
	process.c
		-The Process struct, which is used for keeping info on the processes.
		-Functions relevant to processes
	modHash.c
		-A modular hash table data structure used for storing the different processes.
	redirect.c
		-Functions pertaining to redirections and pipes.
	LinkedList.c
		-A modification of a Linked List data structure I implemented myself a while back.
		-Also used to simulate stack functionality.
	utils.c
		-Miscellaneous useful functions that aren't categorized.

Extra Credit Answers
	-You can tell the difference between system call and library function by seeing which
		manual they belong to. Systems called belong in man 2.
	-The disadvantage of synchronous job control is that you have to have specified
	 waiting periods where your special commands can go through, or you can check on
	 job status. With asynchronous action can happyen anytime as long as the signals 
	 aren't being blocked.

Compilation and execution
	To compile, simply use `make`. `make clean` conversely get rid of all products.
	To execute, enter `./shell`

Overview of work accomplished
	Learned basic control concepts and how to deal with asynchronous signalling.
	I wasn't able to get as much done as I had hoped that I would because I had to take
	time off from the project to allocate to other similarly time-consuming classes.
	
	Most of the time was spent looking up information online to understand how
	things go together. Time was also spent having to deal with any quirks specific to 
	the system being run, since some conventions used online did not work on the the
	Ubuntu VM. (Sigaction had some strange system-specific kinks that took 
	research to sort out.)
	
Notes
	Wasn't able to fully complete project.	

Hours
	Spent about an 6 hours per week pre-progress assignment. Increased to over 25 hours 
	per week around week 8 to make up for time lost to MATH 458 midterms + assignments.
	Most of time spent experimenting

Attributions
	Basic format for system call creation and (assumed) conventions studied from
		http://seshagiriprabhu.wordpress.com/2012/11/15/adding-a-simple-system-call-to-the-linux-3-2-0-kernel-from-scratch/.